Free for Non-Commercial Use with Attribution

Copyright (c) 2015 CruzViz and Sara Hendrix

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, and distribute copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

1) Any and all use of the Software, in whole or in part, including its end
products, whether in original or modified forms, must be for Non-Commercial
purposes only. Non-Commercial means not primarily intended for or directed
towards commercial advantage or monetary compensation. Exchange by digital
file-sharing or similar means is Non-Commercial provided there is no payment
of monetary compensation in connection with the exchange.

2) Any distribution, sharing, posting, or public display of the software or
its end products, whether in original or modified forms, must identify the
creator as CruzViz and Sara Hendrix (“Attribution”). For calendars and other
graphical and/or textual end products, Attribution is accomplished by one or
more of the following:

 a. inclusion of a legible and recognizable CruzViz logo
 b. URL link to cruzviz.com/tides
 c. citation of CruzViz and Sara Hendrix

3) If Software or its end products have been modified, then any distribution,
sharing, posting, or public display of modified material must, in addition to
Attribution of the original creator, indicate the author of the modifications.
Additionally, any such indication must retain the indications of all previous
authors.

4) The Moon Phase font distributed with this Software is copyrighted by Curtis
Clark. Sara Hendrix and CruzViz retains a commercial license for this font.
Any and all use of the Software that includes use of the Moon Phase font must
abide by the terms of the Moon Phase font license agreement. The license is
distributed with the moon_phases.ttf file as LICENSE.TXT inside the moon_phases
subdirectory.

5) The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

